Soren dipped his finger in the cast iron pot where he was brewing his next potion.
It tasted like freckles, warm milk, and braided sweetgrass.

He frowned and dumped in cobwebs and fairy dust. Flames licked at the potion’s cast iron belly.

The door slammed open.

He was greeted by a sun-kissed farm boy with a gap tooth grin.
    Soren said, “We’re closed! Can’t you read--the sign--on the door?”

    “Sorry. Never learned. Can I get a little help?”

Of course.
It turned out the boy was a hero. His kind are always heroes.
And they always have a quest.

Once Soren agreed to help, they left the city,
and set up camp by the roadside.

The farm boy, Chase, lit the campfire and said,
    “We gotta kill a dragon.”

    “But you said we had to kill the
    Dark Lord. Which is it?”

    “Both. I need her scales to keep me safe.”
The boy’s ginger hair was like a crackling flame, glinting in the firelight.
He would have been a hero, but his grin was stupid as ever.

    “Have you ever seen a real dragon before?”
    he asked to fill the silence. “They’re like Gods.”

Soren shook his head. He twiddled his thumbs and felt fire snapping between his fingertips.
His hands were burnt and charred already, but he kept doing it.
    “I’m an alchemist, not a prophet.
    Gods don’t need alchemists.”

    “She’s called Flamedancer.”
A lady dragon. He knew it. And her hide was brilliant, all the colors of a bonfire.
Soren could picture it already: black dragon blood pooling the floor,
her brilliant scales torn from her body one by one by one by one by one
by one by one by one by one by one by one by one by

    “Uh, are you okay?”
    Soren’s head snapped up.
    “Shut up and go to sleep.”

On the road to the beast’s lair
they met a dragon priestess.

Her name was Mayella. She had silver hair like spider’s silk, and burns that covered her body.

    She was celibate.
    Soren vowed to break her.

His thumb moved over his index finger, making sparks, and he pictured dragon scales falling
onto the ground. They made a pattern in her hair, burning embers stitched together with spider silk.

Chase held her hand at night and blushed when she called his name.

    Soren vowed to break him, too.

Chase asked him to poison Flamedancer--he couldn’t fight her on his own.
Soren hid nightshade and arsenic in an offering bowl.

He heard them laughing together at night while he tried to sleep. He got up
and told Mayella she would be the one to kill the dragon. She called him a liar.
	She said, “My God is immortal.”
	Chase laughed.
Soren dumped more poison in the bowl.

The next evening Flamedancer lay dead at their feet.
Her scales fell off of her body like golden stardust. She had the most beautiful skeleton.

Mayella stared down at the offering bowl and bit back tears.
Her breaths came in shuddering gasps.
She pushed Chase away when he tried to hold her.

	The farm boy turned to Soren and said,
	“I can’t believe that worked. But how
    am I supposed to wear these scales?”

Soren didn’t answer. He watched the spider silk woman cry over burnt ember scales.
His hands tensed at his sides and he called out her name.

	“Mayella.”
Chase tried to get her attention, too. His voice was loud and clear.
	“Mayella.”
Soren’s voice was barely a whisper. It felt raw, as if he was being burned.
	“Mayella.”

She turned on them, her eyes dark like
she’d already been broken and he hadn’t even touched her.

“Be quiet,” she said. “I’ll take you to the temple.
We can get a cloak sewn there.”

A fire burned inside Flamedancer’s temple.
They’d climbed the cliffside for hours just to reach it, and it was really nothing special:
just another dragon cult.

Mayella’s covenant fell silent.
	Chase held out their
    dead God’s body to be
	reincarnated
into a fashion accessory.

Soren watched the priestesses fight back tears as they sewed
burnt ember scales into Chase’s cloak and wrote their sorrows in its hem.

His fingers snapped and crackled with flame and
he thought of melting the smug grin off the farm boy’s face.
He looked like a hero with the cloak on, but so far he was only a killer.

Mayella followed them back down the cliff
    silently.

They walked further north.
The nights got colder, but they kept their distance from each other around the campfire.
    Chase said to Soren,
	“Hey. Do you remember
    how when we first met--”

Soren grit his teeth. How could I forget? he thought.
You ruined my life. He felt heat crawling over his closed mouth like fire ants.

	“--when we met,
    I said I couldn’t read?”

He showed the dragon’s cloak to Soren.
It was covered in riddles and half-truths.
The alchemist could have read them aloud easily. But he didn’t.
Instead he said,
	“You have to learn.
	I’ll teach you.”

One night:
Soren was choking on black dragon blood in his dreams when
    Chase shook him awake when
Mayella was watching the firelight trying not to scream when
the darkness finally arrived to take them away.

The air smelled of frigid ice when the Dark Lord approached, a cold stormfront at his heels.
He was tall and imposing, his massive body encased in black steel armor.

Chase drew the cloak over his head and quivered, waiting for it to be over.
The dragon priestess took the alchemist’s hand
and they stepped into the firelight together.

When Soren opened his eyes, the Dark Lord lay dead at his feet.
    “You did it,”
    Chase whispered.
    “How?”
Chase’s scaly cloak shimmered, whipping in the icy wind.
He looked like a hero. He had to be a hero.
    Not Soren. Not Mayella.
Not anyone but him--the world wouldn’t accept otherwise.

Dragon fire crawled over the Dark Lord’s body.
Its cinders ate at his bones.

    “You can’t poison metal--
    but you can melt it down,”
Soren said, then added:
    “You did it. We were only helping.”

The alchemist let go of the spider silk girl’s hand. She approached Chase and kissed him,
because the hero always wins.