Andy twiddled her thumbs. She sank in the leather booth, her breathing raw and uneven as she spoke: “Ritual magic isn’t for the faint of heart. Not because they’re weak in the stomach, or liable to get dizzy at the sight of blood . . . but you need a lot of blood, and some of it’s gonna be yours. Especially in the beginning.”

Across from her, Hassan leaned on the table. He fingered his collar, pulling it away from his skin, slick with perspiration--from the heat, not his nerves, he hoped. They’d been discussing Andy’s unusual habits for the better part of the evening; even if he’d meant for it to be a regular dinner date, two friends having fun, it was doomed to fall into forbidden talk again. That was all either of them could think about, really.

“It was a mess,” she said. “I had to clean everything up afterwards. I was in pain for days. I looked, always, like I was lacking something.” Andy’s fingers drummed in her lap. She shifted as often as the tone of her words. “In high school, people thought I was anorexic. Maybe I was a vampire, or just anemic. The ones that thought I was an addict were the closest to the mark.”

“But was it worth it?” Hassan’s voice felt dry as ritual chalk.

“It wasn’t really. No.” She paused, took a drink from her water glass. Hassan traced the lines of her palm, trying to distinguish between the cuts she’d made, the scars she’d been given, and the natural lines she’d been born with. “I told myself it was a hobby, like . . . dancing, or art. Everybody bled a little for their passions, right? I just bled a little more.”

“. . . so, you were never afraid?”

“Fuck, Hass. Of course I was--I still am. That didn’t stop me from doing it.”

“Oh.” Hassan’s eyes shifted downward. He spotted the glint of a pocket knife under the table--it wasn’t pointed at him, but he still shifted back in his seat. Twirling his straw in the coke glass, he tried not to think of the woman across from him as a wraith, or a delinquent--she was just a former friend who’d been in a bad place.

Andy waited until their food came to speak again, letting the awkward thread sew itself into the lines in her palms. “It’s not a big deal, in the grand scheme of things,” she muttered. “I’m probably going to die young no matter what I do to screw myself up.”

“Mmph. You’re not gonna die, Andy.” Hassan blurted mid-bite, pulling his burger back from his face and frowning.

“. . . it’s written in my blood.” She took a ragged breath, her head hanging over her untouched food, a dark curtain of hair between her face and the rest of the world. “Forget it. Mind if I smoke?”

Hassan glanced at the no smoking sign near them, then shrugs. Even if he did care, what did it matter? They both did far worse things to their bodies than smoke.

The rest of the evening was uneventful; they stood outside the pub on the street. Hassan placed his hand on her shoulder and she shook it off, then walked away. He watched her go, then shuffled home himself.

That night, Andy dreamed that she was sitting on the floor of a giant ice cavern that opened out into space. Space crawled over her insides, whose blue and bloodless-grey flesh painted the walls; its black tendrils convulsed on top of her body. But gore or not, it was still cold, her torn-out insides flash-frozen and rimmed with ice.

She felt her chest, which was hollow: all the little secrets that had curdled in her like botfly eggs had been removed. All that remained was spoiled breast milk. Tainted blood. Scar tissue and choked-up stains where secrets used to be.

Everything about her was secrets and scar tissue.

“Look up,” Space murmured, its voice reverberating in the caverns.

Andy hesitated. She whispered back, “Are you God?” Her voice seemed mouselike in comparison, when she’d once prided herself on projecting across a stage.

She thought she heard space laughing at her, and finally she looked up. Her secrets were written out in the sky, shaping future constellations, built on cobwebs strung from liars’ fire. She read them one by one until they blacked out, and she, in turn, blacked out as well.

Andy sat up and rubbed her eyes. The clock read 12:14 a.m.; she glanced to the drawn blinds and sighed. Her chest felt sticky, her throat raw with black blood and blacker secrets. She was whole again--but there was one secret she didn’t want to carry.

Midnight or not, she called Hassan. He cursed at her, but in spite of himself, was pulling on his coat before they’d even hung up.

They met at the park, whose trees were emaciated by melting winter. Rain fell in sheets, the cold water beating down on both of them. By the time he found Andy, she was drenched, her black jacket shining with serpent-water.

“Hey,” he breathed, the heat of his voice billowing into the air. It mingled with the dark-toned smoke from her cigarette. “Why the hell are you out here?”

She shrugged and raked hair away from her face. “I needed to get away.”

“Come on. It’s cold.” He shoved his hands in his pockets: he forgot to bring gloves. So did she. “Can’t we talk at my place? Yours? Under a bridge, maybe?”

“No.” She put out her cigarette and lit a new one, the fire dancing in her eyes. “I like it out here.”

The moon above them shimmered with the smoke from a faraway fire. Sirens swarmed the park briefly, then faded, their shrieking song warped by the iron gates that surrounded the park. Mechanically, he sat next to her, on the cold stone mouth of the dry fountain.

“So . . . what’s the deal?” he whispered, looking to her.

She blinked, amber crystallized in her eyes. For a moment, she was beautiful again. Smoke spilled from her pale lips. “I have a secret to tell you,” she said. Her voice was different in the night, he realized--everything about her was different. “You know the blood magic I was talking about?”

Hassan looked away. “. . . yeah. You said everyone bled a little, for their passions.”

“Yeah.” Andy slid forward, placing her icy hand on the arm of his jacket. He felt the frost, his nerves numb, and stopped himself from hugging her. “You’ve bled, too. I’ve seen your scars. They’re beautiful . . . and some day, they may open up again.”

He didn’t answer.

“I just wanted to see you, one last time.”

“Before what?”

“Before I die,” she whispered, though it seemed for a moment that she planned to say something else. The amber fire in her eyes died out with the embers she tapped from her cigarette.

Hassan swallowed, then grabbed her hand. Again, she pulled back, shoving her hands in her pockets. “You’re not going to die--”

“I know myself too well, Hass.” She dropped the cigarette and crushed it under her boot, then said, “I’m leaving. Goodbye.”

She left him there, his hands curled, in the darkness of the park. The moon rested high above him, casting light on the blood in his hand, open-faced among the stars.